#+title: Hello Nebraska!
#+options: toc:nil

* Hello Nebraska!
#+begin_quote
TBA date and min
#+end_quote

I am excited to share that I will be *moving to Nebraska!*

Why am I doing so? Early this year, I found a web developer job posting from a
company called *IdeaBank Marketing*. I was intrigued by the services they offer
and the company culture, so I decided to reach out to one of the owners. I had a
couple of interviews with them, and I made it to the final stage of the
interview process. Eventually, they reached out to me if I would like to visit
Nebraska. I traveled there at the end of May to visit their company and meet
their coworkers.

A few days later, I received an offer from IdeaBank and I accepted it! I will
begin my position starting on the first week of July.

** Thanks
Before I dive into this blog, I want to give a *HUGE* thank you to Sherma, Jack,
and Anthony for allowing me to meet with them and show me around Hastings and
Grand Island. I am grateful for them for being warm to me, and they helped be
experience the beauty of Nebraska.

Thank you to my family for being so supportive and helping me transition to this
role. This process would've been way difficult without their assistance.

Lastly, thank you to everyone else who supported throughout this journey. If you
offered me advice or opportunities, no matter how big or small, you were a part
in my journey.

** Why move to Nebraska?
I'm honestly stressed living in California, where the life here is more hectic.
Factors include high cost of living, congested traffic, and job competition.
I've always wanted to live in an area where life is less stressful. When I
visited Nebraska, I felt like I was at peace. Moving away from the big city life
was a culture shock to me, but I quickly got used to it.

In addition, I want to experience living on my own. I've always been dependent of
others for my living situation, but I need an opportunity to know what it's like
to be independent.

** My Travels
*** Day 1
I landed in Omaha on my first day. I was stressed during my flights because I barely had any sleep, but I wasn't done with my travels just yet! I had to rent a car and drive from Omaha to Hastings for 2 HOURS for ~125 miles. I dreaded from having to drive that long right after I landed

However, to my surprise, the drive was one of the most enjoyable drives of my
life. I essentially just had to drive in a straight line. There was barely any
traffic, and the freeway I was on cuts through huge farmland. I got to see
livestock and working farming machinery

I was tired when I arrived at my hotel at around 6 PM, so I didn't feel like
exploring the area. I went to a local sushi place for dinner after not having a
proper meal for the entire day

![[https://res.cloudinary.com/buraiyen/image/upload/c_scale,w_800/v1620240510/BEN_Website/blog/HelloNebraska/BEN_sushi.webp][Sushi plate]]

*** Day 2
This is the day when I got to meet the owners of IdeaBank and tour around the
company. I had an interview with them, and it was a pleasureable experience.
It was more about getting to know me rather than anything technical. I also met
the others working there. Many of them are gamers and collect Funko Pops, which
I know that I can easily fit in with this company.

![[https://res.cloudinary.com/buraiyen/image/upload/c_scale,w_800/v1620240510/BEN_Website/blog/HelloNebraska/BEN_ideabank.webp][Front side of the IdeaBank Marketing office]]

Afterwards, Sherma showed me around Hastings, such as activities, landmarks,
restaurants, and houses. We then had lunch with Anthony at a restaurant called
/Odyssey Downtown/. I ordered a blue cheese burger and macaroni & cheese, and it was one of the best burgers I had (I don't have a picture of it unfortunately).
