#+title: Kraken Bracket
#+LANGUAGE: en
#+options: toc:nil
#+OPTIONS: ':nil

* Kraken Bracket
*Kraken Bracket* makes tournament experiences smoother for tournament organizers,
competitors, and spectators alike. This web-app is practical for local / small
tournaments or large scale ones

Registered users have the ability to create tournament brackets and/or events.
From there, other registered users may sign up and participate in the
brackets/events. Those who manage brackets can update scores and move players in
the brackets. Once a bracket is finished, the bracket's page will display the
standings of all competitors, which is viewable for all users.

All brackets support at minimum 4 players and at maximum 128 players; events
encompass a collection of brackets so users can follow and be updated for all
brackets within a single event.

*NOTE:* this project is neither finished nor deployed. This yearlong project was
developed from 2019 to 2020, and the coronavirus lockdowns caused many problems
for me and my team. /(see personal notes below for more details)/

** Tech Stack
- Vue.js
- Vuetify
- ASP .NET 2.2
- .NET Core 2.2
- MySQL

[[https://github.com/TheBoiZcecs491/Kraken-Bracket/tree/master][View Repository]]

** Personal Notes
Working on this project with my other five group members made me feel like I was
working for a software development company, and it was all thanks to our
professor. He simulated the class so that it would be the same as one would
expect from working in a software development position; this includes documents
(business requirements, project plans, sprint backlogs, etc.), core
requirements, unit & integration tests, scope & resource creep, and front-end
views

My group and I spent countless hours to dedicate to our senior project. We met
many times each week, both weekdays and weekends, at school to work on our
tasks. We would even spend 12 hours straight on a Saturday to work together. It
was definitely a stressful experience and there are many times that we wanted to
give up. I would wake up every morning, panicking that I don't have a task done
or that I might fail this class, because that was how hard it was.

The coronavirus hit our class hard and everything had to shift online. Although
meeting with my group members and attending class were easier, they both had a
different dynamic and they were not as engaging as meeting in person. Also, we
were promised funds from Google to deploy our application, but we never received
them. These hard times led to our project to be incomplete when the semester
ended.

Overall, I am forever grateful for taking this class with the professor that I
had. Although we experienced a lot of stress and hardships, I have learned what
it's like to be a software developer. I will take everything that I have learned
in this class to heart and will apply my knowldege in my future positions.

** Images
[[https://res.cloudinary.com/buraiyen/image/upload/v1620240516/BEN_Website/projects/krakenbracket_wvd57j.jpg]]
